


In one of your life times here I see you were a gifted Healer. You used  healing crystals  in Atlantis on the Island of Poesida. So any inclination to healing modalities in this life time is simply a return of what you once did and did very well. These skills still exist n your unconscious mind and you can use them here and now. Though many members of the opposing team in Atlantis did not want you to help others to gain higher consciousness and did whatever they could to thwart your good deeds. 
So just do what you can to release any self doubt that you may feel. Your healing skills are much needed here. I see also  that you are very intuitive . This is one of your gifts which has been developing for some time now .This  is going to take some leaps forward soon. This is the basis of your “clairsentience” so your angels say for YOU trust in your “gut feelings” about any and all things.Your secondary modalities will develop more also with Spiritual Practices. These include telepathy and clairvoyance. When you see sparks of light and begin to see auras you'll know your well on your way to this Spiritual Vision. And it is really  not hard to teach people this either. 
Your origins  were from Andromeda a nearby galaxy. You are part of the Aurora or Divine angelic being with 24 strands of DNA. 
You came here to the Milky way to further your expansion and the growth of your soul in order to give  you new experiences that would be beneficial to you and your “soul family” or galactic family .In which you will some day return and bring the wisdom gained here back to them.  In this star system here you have frequented Sirius “ the dog star” , and the Pleiades or “ the seven sisters” as well.  There are many more details to this though I can't go over them all right now. 
The main Angel around you is Archangel Michael though often Archangel Raphael also seems near and dear to your heart also . Michael is protecting you from fear and low energies and you may call upon Archangel Raphael to heal body, emotions etc. You also have three more birth angels with you that have not changed since birth I find all of them and list their many virtues in full sessions  which there is much more depth. 
Your guides say you are a great manifestor , and able to create things very quickly. As an old soul you have come  into your own this way . This is an extremely valuable skill to have as it allows you the joy of letting things come to you easily. Remember the strongest emotion for creating is that of Appreciation.! Working with your angels will bring all things to you in your life. I have put some loving and  healing energies into this reading which I am sure you have felt.  I wish for you love, peace joy and strength. 
You are an amazing person. It is obvious why everyone loves you so much. It is no wonder you feel so happy because your kind generous and love life. 
Because of your absolute intelligence I can see why life has at times been  so easy for you though not always . However  your inner strength and resilience has seen you through all things and will continue to . Not only are you  very strong your incredibly gifted. Anyone would want to spend lots of time with you because your personally is so lovable . Others trust you. You have compassion. You are going to go very far in this life time. You will be very pleased with the outcome I promise you that. If you want more information on what I do I can give you my hand out. 

Illbe here if you need anything further ... you may check my page for free thing as i give them out weekly
And of course if you ever needed a session ill be here also have a great week!


